docs: add connect to testnet instructions (#563)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/providers/external-node.md

# Connecting to the Testnet or an external Fuel node

You can connect to the `Testnet` by using the following code snippet.

```rust,ignore
    use fuels::prelude::*;
    use std::net::{SocketAddr, ToSocketAddrs};

    // This is the testnet's address
    let server_address: SocketAddr = "https://node-beta-1.fuel.network/graphql:443"
        .to_socket_addrs()
        .expect("Unable to parse or lookup address")
        .next() // Take the first resolved address
        .unwrap();

    // Create the provider using the client.
    let provider = Provider::connect(server_address).await.unwrap();

    // Create the wallet.
    let _wallet = WalletUnlocked::new_random(Some(provider));
```

> **Note:** Assets for the Tesnet node can be obtained from the faucet at
>
>[faucet-beta-1.fuel.network](https://faucet-beta-1.fuel.network)
>

> > There is also a block explerer for the Tesnet at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is also a block explorer for the Testnet at
```
